[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today, on
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
and contact with Earth.
Tim, can you talk about how
various species perceive
the universe?
>> There are many ways and
levels of perception inside
of the universe, and it depends
on the level of awareness,
consciousness,
experience, self-identity,
dimension frequency,
and cultural.
For example, when you have other
species that are living inside
of the universe and they
are more or less as advanced
as humans are, if they
have knowledge about Earth
and if they know a little
bit about society on Earth,
they wonder a lot why things
are the way they are on Earth.
And even if you have
super aware beings,
they do not tend
to know everything.
And they might
disagree on something,
and also they make
mistakes, too.
And sometimes, their judgment
on how things are on Earth
is a little off or
a lot off, as well.
So perceiving how
things are, we need
to take into consideration that
Earth people are pretty far
advanced technology-wise.
We're not talking about
mainstream technology
but things that are kept
hidden in some darker areas
of the planet, so to speak.
But nothing of that
has been used in order
to benefit the population,
society, or the planet itself.
Because actually, it
makes absolutely no sense
how and why the situation
on Earth is so as it is.
Everything could
be much smoother.
be more harmonious.
Socially, this planet
is not as advanced
as people are technology-wise.
And this is one--
this is kind of
confusing to a lot
of species that are in
direct contact with Earth.
>> There are people who might
say that we are technologically
advanced.
But until it can be monetized
properly, it won't be released.
Why is that?
>> I've talked to somebody, and
he told me that it takes only
three days in order to heal
the planet, to cure it,
and to make
everything look good.
And I asked why not?
Why not do it yet; now?
He told me that it's more worth
to keep things in the back
and wait for the
right moment in order
to make it even more worthy.
And also, I think there is kind
of a dilemma in which nobody
wants to be the first person to
come forward and put technology
on the market, but everyone
wants to be the second one.
So this is something very
specific to humans on Earth,
and it makes--
it creates some confusion
to a lot of other species.
>> Compared to other planets
and civilizations in the level
three or four
zone, where we are,
are you suggesting humankind
is much less developed than we
think?
>> No.
Technology-wise, humankind
is pretty good on that level.
Socially, the planet
lacks a lot of experience.
There's a lot of division.
And everything could be
more productive, better,
and smoother if everyone could
agree upon one kind of vision
for the planet.
But on this planet, we
have elite structures
that push and pull in
different directions
and hinder and block themselves.
So we have a kind of
lose-lose situation,
compared to other
systems in the universe.
And I think that is
something the elites had
to recognize and to
understand, as well.
>> Tim, how do you think the
Greys actually perceive us,
like their children, maybe
a pet, an experiment,
or something else?
>> They have their stocks in
humanity, and in some ways,
they depend on some
people on this planet.
Those are pretty
important to them.
They will always protect.
But they also do
not care if there
are significant losses
within populations
that they don't benefit from.
So they don't have this empathy.
But there are beings
that are totally empathic
and caring and
loving for humanity
and see them as protectable
children or something,
or brothers and
sisters, maybe even.
>> You've mentioned the Greys
are interested in certain types
of humans.
What characteristics
do those humans have?
>> They are mainly interested
in those who they can benefit
from, which means
those, basically,
who have the most stable
potential are those who they
are interested in.
So we were talking about
the potential of evolution
on a collective
level, and we also
talked about that human beings,
they rank pretty high on that.
They have a lot of
experience diversity.
They tend to become or they
could become pretty advanced
spiritual and developed
beings as a species,
has individual characters
that some of them stand out.
Like you have some people--
everyone can learn
how to play piano
at a certain level or something.
But there are people who
have a very high potency
in becoming master players.
And if you put
that in accordance
to a genetic-based
thinking, then you
might understand how Greys
think on certain individuals.
They do not care if
someone is educated
or someone is super
wise or super strong
or has great body
characteristics or something.
They only look how
good and how high
is the potency, the potential
of that person in terms
of evolutionary purpose.
>> You use the term "genetics."
Can you explain how the
role of genetics in humans
piques the interest
of the Greys?
>> It's not only genetics
because genetics would be
something that they could
artificially influence in some
ways.
But it's more the calculations
of the impact of the encounter.
So if you have some people,
some farm people, who get
contacted on an open
road, and they see that.
And the next day, they
go public and that
leads to a new discussion.
And 20 years later,
that case is--
I don't know-- discussed broadly
and something else happens.
Then there is a high potency
that things will, in any way,
go the way the Greys want.
So that is a reason why
they could do something.
I know that in one case, they
communicated and got in contact
with a school class.
And they were bringing up
the warnings, because I mean,
it's purely logical that if you
warn somebody about something
bad to happen that this person
will say, all right, OK.
Then I will go a different way.
And those kids went public.
They were interviewed, even--
I don't know-- 30 years
later or something.
So the case is still inside
of the collective memory.
But still, even the Greys
are wrong about things,
and they make mistakes.
So the effort they
made to warn people
had possibly no effect, at
least no mentionable effect
on the whole system
of the collective.
>> Can you speak about the
Zorgons or Draco perception
of our human reality?
>> Phew, so I haven't looked
too deep into that species
and don't want to, but I think
that two things are important.
The first thing is that
they know human evolution
because they have this high
potential that this could
be some kind of competition.
That's the reason why
they look on Earth,
on Earthlings like they do.
And I also think that they have
a pretty rough understanding
of amusement and how to
live their kind of lifestyle
to put it gently.
And some warrior
types need victims
in some kind of way or
opponents to express themselves.
So if you have some, for
example, a boxer or something,
if you want to be
a successful boxer,
you need some opponent
to stand up on.
So I think that is something
they see in humans.
People on Earth and
military on Earth,
they have this tendency
to develop weapons
for one certain
scenario, whereas others,
they have a more general
kind of approach to military.
So human people are
very specialized.
They have special forces
for special tasks,
and when somebody is very
special in something,
he wants a very
special experience.
And this reptilian race has
a kind of similar approach.
They also develop special
forces and special warriors
for special things.
And then they look for
opportunities to try that out,
to play it out.
>> How do the interfrequentials
view our world?
And why would such a higher
frequential consciousness
want to interact with us?
>> Oh, yeah, interesting.
So higher frequential beings
have a very different approach
to the needs and problems and
challenges to this experience
here on Earth.
They do want to
heal, and they do
want to help and to guide it,
because also, their existence
depends on a healthy and
well-evolving universe
because everything is
connected, but their approach is
differently.
And I think a lot
of people think
when they are so advanced,
why don't they just snap
and everything will be fine?
Their perspective on
the challenges on Earth
is way different and not
as practical and hands-on
as level three and level
four consciousness is.
If we have, for example,
physicians or doctors medicine
on a level three consciousness,
they see a bone is broken.
So they take something.
They make it-- open it
and put in something
and close it and do
something like that.
Those higher frequential
beings do not have that.
They would think why does
that accident, that wound
appear in that
time on that place,
and what might be the underlying
logic that makes this appear
in a material universe?
For example, being six
looked upon the challenges
and problems of the Earth
a lot more philosophically
as the Greys, who
are practically
pretty hands-on and invasive.
To being six, everything that
happens here on this planet
has to do something
with the imbalance
of female and male energies.
They say that in a previous
version of the universe,
through the stability
of mother love, which
is one of the greatest and
loving and kindest and stable
emotions ever, the universe
in a theoretical second
used to be female.
But as we all know, the universe
is neither male nor female,
and male and female and
something else and everything
that you want.
So this is only a
theoretical second,
but there are some
problems that occur inside
of time through that experience
outside of this version
of the universe.
Let me explain what
they think of it.
They think that if you
have the mother energy,
taking the child from their
own body and giving life to it,
that is a very caring
and loving energy.
Whereas, if we look upon the
father, in the first glimpse,
it seems as if the father is
more divided to the child.
And that is something that they
see as an imbalance in energy,
female-male energy that
occurs on this planet,
because in some way or another,
through that imbalance,
by dividing something essential,
just thought base, essential
away from the child, it seems
as if one or another has to die.
And from that, we
have this conflict
where the new version
of the universe
seems to kill the old
version of the universe.
The child trying
to kill the father,
and the father seeing
that as a threat
because he is divided
from the child
and trying to kill the child.
So you have this--
Freud would call it
the Oedipus complex.
So that's a very true
kind of complex--
systematic to it, which
higher frequential beings
are aware of.
And you also see that
in a lot of religions.
You have the same story, for
example, when Shiva and Parvati
have the child.
Parvati, the mother of the
universe, is having the child,
and Shiva sees the child
and tries to kill it.
And then puts up
another elephant head
upon Ganesh and through
that, creates Ganesha.
And in that moment,
also, this bad karma
was healed, because Shiva,
the male part of the universe,
understood that Ganesha
is a part of him.
And at that point, Ganesha is
the symbol of joy and reunion
and everything.
And the same story
is when we talk
about Jesus, who is kind of
killed by the father himself,
which is the sad part.
Because it misses out
the solution part.
It's only Jesus as the
child of the universe
being killed and asking, oh,
man, Father, what have I done?
So the solution is
in the Vedas, when
Shiva, as the male
part of the universe,
understood that there
is no separation.
And he is the loving
father of the child.
But through that, we have
a interesting dynamic,
and that is something
being six has
explained as something
that is essentially
going wrong in this world.
Because as the male part
seems to be divided from love,
from the union and,
thinking that the child, who
has got all the attention
and energy from the mother,
has also taken away the
mother love from the father,
then the male part
gets into activity
in order to get the attention
back that he, in an illusion,
seems to have missed.
He starts to be
proactive in order
to fight for the
love of the princess,
and I don't know, be
worthy of something.
>> Tim how does the Vedic
analogy relate to humans
and level six beings?
>> Look, the Greys, for example,
they are pretty hands on with
their solutions.
They say, OK, we
have that and that.
So we, I don't know, we get in,
and we change some variables.
And then some time
it would work out.
What being six is
saying is that there
is some kind of imbalance,
but it's already
solved in the moment.
And they would only try to
give you philosophical advice.
If you say something,
OK, you're feeling bad,
but everything is
fine already, then
he would say, like, that
doesn't help me in any way.
But that is the perspective
that being six looks upon.
It's just the same way with,
I don't know, what Jesus said,
what the Veda said, what Buddha
said, what everyone said,
that everything is
all right already.
But that doesn't help
in a practical way,
and people are
looking for solutions,
and solution-- a hands-on based
solution, instead of just come
to a point where everything
is all right and everything
is all right.
And the Greys are sort
of the intermediary
of those perspectives on life.
>> If humans are a
genetically-modified species,
who are the genetic mothers
and fathers who created us?
>> Depends on how
you look upon it.
There are about 12 species
that have put their influences
and genetics into certain parts
of the population on Earth.
But if you zoom out very,
very far, it's still source.
So this is something that
everyone needs to acknowledge.
And it's also, if
we're coming back
to the Veda, that's
also the solution.
Because in the end
there's the story
where Ganesh, who was the
elephant child of the universe,
he gains eternal life by
acknowledging that he's always
surrounded by mother
and father, and that
is the ultimate joy of him.
>> Yes, but zooming in, tell
us about the 12 influences
on humanity.
>> It's been said
that it's 12 species.
Maybe there are more.
I know of the Greys being
one manipulator species.
There are some
reptilian species.
There are, allegedly, some very
benevolent and sweet species
that also did that, some
connected to the planet Venus.
But I'm mostly informed
about the Greys.
>> Was this a collective
influence from the 12 beings,
or did they act
individually on their own?
>> It was not a
collective effort.
To my understanding,
it's kind of a progress,
because at some
point, humans seem
to be more divine and more,
at least spiritually, more
advanced than people are now.
And at some point, allegedly,
15,000 years ago, people
started to become more unstable,
more open for conflicts,
more open for conquering
spaces and fighting for things.
And it was obvious
to some species
that something went wrong.
And it took some time to find
out and to do some research
and analyze what happened.
So the overall code
of the universe
tries to find spots where there
are challenges and paradoxes
and then zooms into that
spot and tries to solve them.
So duality, for
example, is a paradox.
It needs to be decided.
Somebody needs to decide
for the universe, which
is all and everything, all at
once, how things will turn out.
>> Any idea of who
that source being is?
>> Yes, you and me and everyone.
>> Why is Earth attractive
to all these different ETs
and interfrequential beings?
>> I think there are a million
reasons for why Earth could be
attractive to individuals
or even whole species.
Some of the more basic
approaches to that question
is, for example, that there are
things on Earth that are fun.
For example, a lot
of non-terrestrials
that acknowledge this, they,
for example, love Disney World.
They, at least some,
do like the idea.
I know that some have
visited that and found
that interesting,
because it's the highest
potential of creativity
and creative energy
that humans could bring
up, and they enjoy that.
Some do enjoy that.
I mean, it's for
obvious reasons.
I can totally understand why.
If somebody goes to a different
country and enjoys their food,
then why shouldn't
other lifeforms
enjoy things that are really,
really great on Earth?
This is one of the more basic
forms of interest in Earth,
and it's not one of the--
not that everyone
in the universe
just comes for Disney World.
But the more sophisticated
approach to that question
would be that the potential of
evolution of humans on Earth
is pretty high because they
have all the stress and all
this chaos.
So that means they make
a lot of experience.
They have to find
a lot of solution,
and the more solution
and experience you have,
the quicker you evolve
compared to a species that,
I don't know, grabs
a hole in the sand
and just plays time
for very, very long.
They do not tend to
evolve that quickly.
And Earth people, with all that
stress and all the challenges,
they have to evolve quickly.
>> Is there a 3D reality, other
than this materialistic world
that we live in?
>> One thing that I know from
the Greys is that there is
a different reality, where
one life form of species lives
in that is kind of specialized
in building holographic
realities.
Those are pretty
small beings that
are kind of crafting those
holographic realities, where
souls can have experiences in.
That is their approach to
the probabilities and wealth
of the universe, which is
totally exotic and totally
different to what we have here.
It's more like reality,
where they are using tools
to craft pieces of
reality together
in order to create
scenarios where a life
form can experience something.
So it's totally
awkward and totally
different to what we perceive.
>> Does that exist in
another space on Earth,
or are they somewhere
else altogether?
>> I cannot explain, and I
cannot imagine the way this
reality is connected to this
reality we experience here.
So I have no model
how that and this
is, in some way or
another, connected.
It seems to be just a totally
exotic and different reality,
where things are
a lot more shiny,
a lot of different
colors, different fields,
different vibrations, and it's
just some different world.
And I don't know if one can take
things from there into here.
Maybe we'll find out, but I
know the Greys are there, too.
>> What do you say about the
idea that we could be living
in a holographic universe?
>> I would say we live in a
creative, observer-centered,
mental-based reality that can
be everything that you put
your dedication upon.
It's more in creative aspects to
probabilities and possibilities
inside of an empty but
intelligent void that exists.
>> Tim, what's your takeaway
for the viewers when we look
at different worlds and
different world views within
the universe?
>> I'd say we're all hovering,
but there's no ground.
That's my take on the universe.
I think we have almost
infinite potential
of being creative and
experiencing things
and it's, in reality,
far less dramatic
than it appears to
be in this reality.
And once we open
ourselves for that
and become aware of
our position in life
and that we are responsible
and that we are experiencing
ourselves, and we finally have
the opportunity to open up
and to have conversations,
communications, and feelings,
then life becomes a
lot more pleasant.
>> Tim, thank you so much
for being on the show.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure,"
until next time.
Next, on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Do you consider the Greys
an advanced AI or robotic type
of being?
>> This species is evolving
quickly, very quickly.
>> There has been many reports
of cow mutilation stories.
>> I know that the Greys were
testing some technology on some
animals on this planet.
>> What's your overall
impression about all this
contact with the
Greys with humanity?
>> We are one on so
many beautiful ways,
and we've never been alone.
We never will be alone.
[THEME MUSIC]